doc: nrf util: usb driver prerequisite for win (#19809)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Working with nRF54H Series
==========================

> * Removed the note detailing how to install SEGGER USB Driver for J-Link on Windows from the :ref:`ug_nrf54h20_gs` page and moved its contents to the `nRF Util prerequisites`_ documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the note on installing SEGGER USB Driver for J-Link on Windows from the :ref:`ug_nrf54h20_gs` page and moved its contents to the `nRF Util prerequisites`_ documentation.
```
